my names Anthony Charles Gannuscio/waldrip. Im from phoenix Arizona currently living in Seattle Washington. this is my solo band project "sick of me" my old band name was "no one cares for me" but I changed ti to make it sound less emo. all together ive been doing this band thing for 10+ years.

# Why this name?
i basically got sick of  doing all the work my self cus band members in Arizona are unreliable.

#Do you play live?
the only live experience ive had was when i do karaoke at some local bars cus every song i cover i sing with the same distorted vocals.

#How, do you think, does the internet (or mp3) change the music industry?
i love downloading music. i used to be on napster when it first started. i refuse to sell my music because 
its just a hobby for me.

#Would you sign a record contract with a major label?
yes only if i can maintain my style and the label has to be a laid back rock environment.

#What bands do you listen to?
A Perfect Circle, Adema, Alice In Chains, American Head Charge, Andrew W.K., Apocalyptica, Babymetal, Beastie boys, Birthday Massacre, Bloodhound Gang, Blue October, Breaking Benjamin, Bush, Camp Kill Yourself, Celldweller, Chevelle, Circus Of Dead Squirrels, Coal Chamber, CoLd, Combichrist, Cradle of Filth, The Cure, Deadsy, Deftones, Depeche mode, Dethklok, Devil Driver, Disturbed, The Doors, Dope, Drowning Pool, Evans blue, Everclear,  Faith No More, Filter, The Faint, Family Ruin, Foo Fighters, Ghost b.c., Gorillaz, Green jelly, Gwar, Hatebreed, H.I.M, Jack off jill, Janes Addiction, Kittie, KMFDM, KoRn, Lamb of god,  Lords Of Acid, Marilyn Manson, Mc Chris, Mindless Self Indulgence, Ministry, Monster Magnet, Mudvayne, Mushroom Head, My Darkest Days, Neurosonic, Nine Inch Nails, Nirvana, Orgy, Pink Floyd, Primus, The Prodigy, Psychostick, Rage Against The Machine, Rammstien, Richard Cheese, Rob Zombie, Seether, Sevendust, Sick of me, Skillet, Skindred, Skinny Puppy, Skrillex, Slayer, Slipknot, The Smashing Pumpkins,Sound garden, Spineshank, Stained, Static X, Stone Temple Pilots, Submersed, System Of A Down, Taproot, Ten years, Tenacious D, Third Eye Blind, Three days Grace, Tom petty, Tool, Tori Amos, Trapt, Type O Negative, VolBeat, White Zombie,  Zeromancer.

#Equipment used:
Audacity,j4t, goldwave (recording software), 
Hammerhead, (drum machine)
 sound plant (keyboard)
guitar, 
bass, 
me, 
bitches.
